README.md, before:

# PasswordManagerKata

This is an exersize in making a change to a production-like "Big ball of mud" by 
"making the change safe, then making the change easy, then making the easy change"

1. Create a Golden Master WITHOUT CHANGING ANY CODE (make it safe)
2. Make the requested change by:
  a. Dependency breaking: safely breaking out the aspect we are interested in from the ball of mud (make it safe)
  b. Get under test: write unit tests to capture the behaviour of that aspect (make it safe)
  c. Refactor to make clear: refactor so that the intent of that aspect is clear (make it easy)
  d. Add a failing test for the new behaviour (make it easy)
  e. Add the change (easy change)
  
Your product owner hands you the following prioritised backlog:
  1. We need stricter password criteria: mix of upper and lowercaseand common ones not allowed ("password","qwerty")
  2. We need stronger hashing algo for new users
  3. Allow multi language support
  4. Forgot password: Can we add ability to get a hint

Commit message:

Add java instructions and better outputs

README.md, after:

# PasswordManagerKata

For Java run:
1) javac PasswordManager.java
2) java PasswordManager

This is an exersize in making a change to a production-like "Big ball of mud" by
"making the change safe, then making the change easy, then making the easy change"

1. Create a Golden Master WITHOUT CHANGING ANY CODE (make it safe)
2. Make the requested change by:
  a. Dependency breaking: safely breaking out the aspect we are interested in from the ball of mud (make it safe)
  b. Get under test: write unit tests to capture the behaviour of that aspect (make it safe)
  c. Refactor to make clear: refactor so that the intent of that aspect is clear (make it easy)
  d. Add a failing test for the new behaviour (make it easy)
  e. Add the change (easy change)

Your product owner hands you the following prioritised backlog:
  1. We need stricter password criteria: mix of upper and lowercaseand common ones not allowed ("password","qwerty")
  2. We need stronger hashing algo for new users
  3. Allow multi language support
  4. Forgot password: Can we add ability to get a hint
